
# Information

Requests regarding components need to be managed. For this purpose, the following needs to be stored:
- Information about a request: subject, request type (incident, service request), description, and status (created, assigned, completed, closed). Also, the components it's related to.
- Requests can generate work orders, which should include: problem type, company assigned, a level of severity (low, medium, high, urgent), a status (created, in progress, completed, closed), and work time.

Additionally, the cost of materials used in each work order needs to be tracked. This includes both the number of units and the value of the materials used.

The following constraints are described:
- Each table has an id.
- Every work order belongs to a request.
- The request type must be Incident or Service Request if a work order is generated.
- The quantity of units and cost cannot be less than zero.

> Note: As with any project, the client provides ideas of what they want. Some are useful and others are not, so it's necessary to deduce and clarify what the client wants.

## Generate the following tables

### COMPONENTS
- id
- guid
- name
- description
- serialNumber
- installatedOn
- spaceId
- typeId

### TICKETS
- id
- subject
- ticketTypeId
- description
- statusId

### TICKET_TYPE
- id
- name

### TICKET_STATUS
- id
- name

### TICKET_COMPONENT
- ticketId
- componentId

### ORDERS
- id
- problemTypeId
- companyId
- criticalityId
- statusId
- ticketId
- workingHours

### COMPANY
- id
- name

### PROBLEM_TYPE
- id
- name

### ORDER_STATUS
- id
- name

### CRITICALLY
- id
- name

### MATERIALS
- id
- name

### COSTS
- id
- cost
- quantity
- orderId
- materialId

Define the following restrictions:
- Every work order belongs to a request.
- The quantity of units and cost cannot be less than zero.
- Every request has a status.
- Every work order has a status.
- Every work order has a problem type.
- Every work order has a level of severity.
- State names are unique.
- Problem types are unique.
- Referential integrity must be maintained.

---