
# SELECT with Subqueries and JOINS

1. First name and last name of the highest earning employee.

2. First name, last name, and salary of employees who earn more than the average salary.

3. First name and last name of the head of the Marketing department.

4. First name and last name of the employees in the Marketing department.

5. First name, last name, salary, department name, and city of the highest and lowest earning employee.

6. Number of employees and number of departments by city (name).

7. Number of employees and number of departments in all cities (name) ordered by number of employees in descending order.

8. Display the employee number, first name, and last name of employees who are heads both of departments and of other employees, indicating in a single column with the literal 'DEP' if they are a department head and 'EMP' if they are a head of another employee. Ordered by employee number.

9. List the first name, last name, and salary of the top three highest earning employees.

10. Imagine we want to create usernames for email addresses. The format is the first letter of the first name followed by the last name. We want to know if there are any duplicates in the list of first names and last names.

11. List first name, last name, and a literal indicating the salary:
- 'LOW' if the salary is less than the lowaverage (average between the minimum salary and the average salary)
- 'HIGH' if the salary is more than the highaverage (average between the maximum salary and the average salary)
- 'MEDIUM' if the salary is between lowaverage and highaverage.

12. Number of employees hired per day between two dates. For example: between 1997-10-10 and 1998-03-07, and for one or more cities. For example: Seattle, Rome. (Assume this is a query that will be adapted to variables, meaning the cities or date range varies. In the application, drop-down lists are used to select the values, but these are then replaced in the query.) Here, we use fixed example values.

13. A list indicating on separate lines a label that describes the value and the value itself:
- the number of employees in Seattle
- the number of departments with employees in Seattle
- the number of departments without employees in Seattle
- the number of employee managers in Seattle
- the number of department heads in Seattle

14. First name, last name, email, and department name of employees in the department with the most employees.

15. What is the date on which the most employees were hired?

---