# SIMPLE SELECTS

1. Describe the employees table


2. Describe the departments table


3. Describe the locations table


4. Data from the regions table


5. Data from the countries table


6. City and state of the locations


7. First name, last name, salary of the employees


8. Department number, name, and manager_id of the departments


9. Department number and name, also, the chief employee code,
of location 1700.


10. First name and department number of the employees.


11. First name and department number of the employees
ordered by department number ascending.


12. List the distinct department numbers in which employees work.


13. List the distinct department numbers in which employees work
ordered descending.


14. First name, last name, and salary ordered by employee id descending


15. First name, last name, and salary ordered by last name ascending and salary descending


16. Codes of the distinct jobs that exist in department 30


17. Codes of the distinct jobs that exist in department 60
ordered descending


18. First name, last name, and email of the employees in department 30
whose salary is less than 3000


19. First name, last name, and email of the employees in department 30
whose salary is less than 3000
or who are from department 90


20. First name, last name, and department number of the employees
who have no commission. Ordered by department number 
from highest to lowest and by last name descending.


21. First name, last name, department number, and salary of the employees
who have no commission or their salary is less than 6000 
and it is fulfilled that they are from department 60 or 90
ordered by department number descending
and by salary ascending.


22. Employee number, first name, and last name of the employees
from the last name that starts with L to those whose last name
starts with R, inclusive.


23. List of last names where the second letter is an 'a'


24. List of employee last names where the last name starts with a vowel
and their salary is less than 3000 or more than 9000
and it must be fulfilled that their department is 30, 60, or 90.


25. First name, last name, and salary of the employees
but as salary a label indicating 
'LOW' if it is less than 4280, 'HIGH' if it is more than 15230,
and 'MEDIUM' if it is in between


26. List of emails concatenated with the text '@company.com'


27. List of city names where their country is 'US'


28. List of city names where their country is not the United States


29. Number and name of the departments that have a chief.


30. Number and name of the departments that do not have a chief.


31. Names of the columns in the 'Employees' table
that do not have an underscore in the name.


---