
# SELECT WITH FUNCTIONS

1. Display the current date in the following format:
```
Current Date
------------------------------
Saturday, 11 of February of 2017. 16:06:06
```
> The day in words with the first letter capitalised, followed by a comma, the day in numbers,
> the word "of," the month in words with the first letter capitalised, the word "of," the year in four digits
> ending with a period. Then the time in 24h format with minutes and seconds.
> And as the field label "Current Date."

2. Day in words on which you were born

3. The sum of salaries, what is the minimum, the maximum, and the average salary

4. How many employees are there, how many have a salary, and how many have a commission.

5. On one hand, the average between the average salaries and the minimum salary
And on the other hand, the average between the average salaries and the maximum salary
Only the integer part, without decimals or rounding.

6. List the department number and the maximum salary in each of them.

7. Show the names of the employees that are repeated indicating how many there are
in descending order.

8. Show in one row how many employees are department heads
and in another row how many are heads of other employees.

9. List first name, last name of employees whose
first letter of their first name and last name match

10. Number of employees hired per day
ordered descending by date

11. A list by year of the average salaries
of employees who joined that year
ordered descending by year

12. Name of the day on which the most employees
were hired

---